README.md, before:


# MIDAS 🚀 Memory-Integrated Development and Architecture System

**_An agentic AI framework for structured software development within RooCode, leveraging specialized agents and deep GitHub integration._**

---

## Table of Contents

-   [Introduction](#introduction)
-   [Core Concepts & Features](#core-concepts--features)
-   [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
-   [Installation](#installation)
    -   [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    -   [One-Liner Install Script](#one-liner-install-script)
    -   [Manual Setup Steps (Required)](#manual-setup-steps-required)
-   [Usage](#usage)
    -   [Initiating a Workflow](#initiating-a-workflow)
    -   [Monitoring Progress](#monitoring-progress)
    -   [Agent Interaction](#agent-interaction)
-   [Configuration](#configuration)
-   [MIDAS Agent Roles](#midas-agent-roles)
-   [Code-Based Components (Conceptual)](#code-based-components-conceptual)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [License](#license)

---

## Introduction

Project MIDAS is an advanced agentic AI framework designed to automate and orchestrate complex software development workflows directly within the **RooCode** development environment. It addresses the challenges of managing medium-to-large projects by employing a team of specialized AI agents that collaborate to handle tasks ranging from high-level planning and architecture to coding, testing, security analysis, and deployment preparation.

MIDAS leverages deep integration with **GitHub Issues** and **GitHub Projects v2** for hierarchical task management and utilizes **Markdown files within the repository** for documentation (ADRs, technical designs, etc.). Communication and workflow progression are managed internally through agent interactions facilitated by the GitHub API (via MCP) and RooCode's task execution capabilities.

**Key Goals:**

-   **Structured Automation:** Bring predictable, structured automation to the software development lifecycle.
-   **GitHub Native:** Treat GitHub as the central hub for task management and documentation.
-   **Agent Collaboration:** Enable effective collaboration between specialized AI agents.
-   **Robustness & Cost-Efficiency:** Implement mechanisms (initially via agent instructions, ideally evolving to code components) to improve reliability and manage LLM token usage.
-   **RooCode Synergy:** Operate seamlessly within the RooCode environment.

## Core Concepts & Features

-   **Specialized Agent Roles:** Distinct agents (Planner, PO, Architect, Coder, Tester, etc.) handle specific tasks, allowing for tailored instructions and potentially higher quality outputs.
-   **GitHub-Centric Workflow:** Uses GitHub Issues (mapped to Features, Epics, Stories, Tasks, Bugs, Vulnerabilities) and aims for Projects v2 integration for hierarchy. Documentation resides within the Git repository.
-   **Internal Orchestration:** A dedicated `MIDAS Orchestrator Agent` monitors GitHub state via the GitHub MCP server and dispatches tasks to other agents using RooCode's `new_task`. Workflow progression relies on agents updating GitHub issue labels.
-   **Asynchronous Communication:** Agents use GitHub Issue comments (`@mentioning` roles) for requests and responses within a workflow phase (e.g., code reviews, clarifications).
-   **MCP for Tooling:** Relies on external MCP servers (configured in RooCode) for standardized access to Filesystem, Git, and GitHub APIs.
-   **RooCode Integration:** Natively runs within RooCode, leveraging its UI, LLM access, file/terminal operations, and MCP client.
-   **Configurable & Extensible:** Designed to be adaptable through configuration files and potentially custom agent definitions.
-   **Template-Driven Consistency:** Uses templates (`.roo/templates/`) for creating GitHub issues and documentation, ensuring standardization.

## Architecture Overview

MIDAS operates as a system of agents and rules within the RooCode environment. It does *not* require a separate external monitoring service; orchestration is managed internally.

```mermaid

graph TD
    subgraph RooCode Environment
        User --> RooCodeInterface[RooCode UI/Commands]
        RooCodeInterface --> MIDASCore[MIDAS Agents via new_task]

        subgraph "MIDAS Core Logic (Agents & Rules)"
            direction LR
            OrchestratorAgent[MIDAS Orchestrator Agent] -.-> AgentPool
            OrchestratorAgent -- Polls --> RooCodeMCP[RooCode MCP Client]
            OrchestratorAgent -- Triggers --> MIDASCore

            AgentPool -- Contains --> PlannerAgent[Planner]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> POAgent[Product Owner]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> ArchitectAgent[Architect]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> CoderAgent[Coder]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> TesterAgent[Tester]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> DevOpsAgent[DevOps]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> SecurityAgent[Security]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> UIAgent[UI/UX]

            PlannerAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            POAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            CoderAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            CoderAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeFS[RooCode File System Access]
            CoderAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal[RooCode Terminal Access]
            ArchitectAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            ArchitectAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeFS
            TesterAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            TesterAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal
            DevOpsAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            DevOpsAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal
            SecurityAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            SecurityAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal
            UIAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP

            %% Code-based component interaction (Conceptual)
            CoderAgent -.-> ContextOptimizerSVC[ContextOptimizer Service]
            ArchitectAgent -.-> RobustnessCheckerSVC[RobustnessChecker Service]

        end

        MIDASCore --> ModelInteraction[LLM Interaction via RooCode]
        MIDASCore --> RooCodeFS
        MIDASCore --> RooCodeTerminal
        MIDASCore --> RooCodeMCP

        RooCodeMCP --> MCPServers["External MCP Servers (Filesystem, Git, github)"]
    end

    ModelInteraction --> ExternalLLMs[LLMs]

    %% style MIDAS Core Logic (Agents & Rules) fill:#fdf,stroke:#f8f,stroke-width:1px
    style RooCodeEnvironment fill:#ccf,stroke:#66f,stroke-width:2px
```

-   **User Interaction:** Managed via RooCode's UI/Commands.
-   **Orchestration:** The `MIDAS Orchestrator Agent` periodically checks GitHub (via MCP) for issues whose labels indicate they are ready for the next step. It then uses RooCode's `new_task` to activate the appropriate agent.
-   **Agent Execution:** Specialized agents perform their tasks, using RooCode's capabilities to interact with LLMs, the filesystem, the terminal, and external tools via configured MCP servers.
-   **State Transitions:** Agents update GitHub issue labels via the GitHub MCP upon starting and completing tasks, signaling the Orchestrator Agent about workflow progression.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

-   **RooCode:** The MIDAS framework runs *inside* RooCode. Ensure RooCode is installed and operational.
-   **Command-Line Tools:**
    -   Essential: `git`, `curl`, `unzip`
    -   Optional (for faster downloads): `svn`
-   **External Tooling (Potentially Required):** Depending on agent tasks, ensure tools like `node`, `python`, `docker`, `terraform`, `mmdc` (Mermaid CLI), specific linters, test runners, or security scanners are available in the environment where RooCode executes commands. Check agent definitions (`.roo/agents/*.agent.md`) for hints.

### One-Liner Install Script

Run this command from the **root directory** of your target project:

```bash
sh install.sh
```

### Manual Setup Steps (Required)

The script automates file downloads, but you **must** perform these steps manually:

1.  **Setup External MCP Servers:**
    *   MIDAS relies on external MCP servers for **Filesystem**, **Git**, and **GitHub** access.
    *   Obtain or build these servers (e.g., from reference implementations like those provided by Anthropic or the community).
    *   Run these servers locally (often via Docker).
    *   **Crucially for GitHub:** Generate a GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) with sufficient permissions (`repo`, `project`, `read:org`) and configure the GitHub MCP server to use it securely.
2.  **Configure RooCode:**
    *   In your RooCode configuration, add connections to the running MCP servers you set up in the previous step. Ensure the host/port details are correct.
3.  **Install Agent CLI Dependencies:**
    *   Review the `.roo/agents/*.agent.md` files. If agents use `execute_command` for specific tools (build tools, test runners, IaC tools, diagramming tools like `mmdc`, security scanners), ensure these tools are installed and accessible within the RooCode execution environment.
4.  **(Optional) RooCode Common Rules Processing:**
    *   The framework includes `.roo/agents/_common_rules.md`. For this to work effectively, your RooCode environment needs to support prepending this common file's content to individual agent definitions before processing them. Check your RooCode version/features or request this capability if needed.

## Usage

### Initiating a Workflow

Typically, you initiate a MIDAS workflow via a RooCode command, often targeting the `MIDAS Strategic Planner` agent with an initial specification or goal.

```
# Example (Conceptual RooCode Command)
/roo midas/strategic_planner/initiate_planning spec="Build a user login system with email/password and Google OAuth." repo="your-org/your-repo" docs_path="docs/project-alpha"
```

### Monitoring Progress

-   **GitHub Issues:** The primary way to track progress is by monitoring the status labels and comments on the GitHub Issues created and managed by MIDAS agents.
-   **RooCode UI:** RooCode should display the logs and outputs of the currently running agent task.
-   **Documentation:** Check the documentation files created/updated within the repository (e.g., in the `docs/` path you configured).

### Agent Interaction

-   **Handoffs:** Workflow progression between major roles (Planner -> PO -> Coder -> Tester -> DevOps) happens automatically based on agents updating `status:*` labels on GitHub Issues. The `MIDAS Orchestrator Agent` detects these changes (via polling the GitHub MCP) and triggers the next agent via `new_task`.
-   **Asynchronous Requests:** For non-handoff communication (e.g., requesting a review, asking for clarification), agents will post comments on the relevant GitHub Issue, typically `@mentioning` the target agent role (e.g., `@midas-architect Please review...`). The requesting agent might pause or the responding agent will pick up the request when it next processes that issue.

## Configuration

MIDAS behavior can be tailored via configuration (likely managed through RooCode settings or dedicated project configuration files, e.g., `.roo/midas_config.yaml` - *exact mechanism depends on RooCode*):

-   **LLM Providers & Models:** API keys, endpoints, default models, model selection per agent role.
-   **Prompts:** Paths to custom templates or overrides for system prompts.
-   **GitHub Details:** Target repository owner/name, project number/ID, standard label names, custom field mappings.
-   **MCP Server Connections:** URLs/ports for configured MCP servers.
-   **Documentation Strategy:** Default `docs_strategy` (e.g., 'Hugo', 'Markdown') and `docs_path`.
-   **Robustness Parameters:** (If implemented as configurable) Retry counts, timeouts, loop detection thresholds.

## MIDAS Agent Roles

-   **`MIDAS Orchestrator Agent`:** Monitors GitHub (via MCP) for ready tasks and dispatches them to other agents. *Runs internally.*
-   **`MIDAS Strategic Planner`:** Analyzes specifications, defines Epics (GitHub Issues), initiates documentation structure, requests high-level Arch review, hands off to PO.
-   **`MIDAS Product Owner`:** Decomposes Epics into Stories/Tasks (GitHub Issues), defines acceptance criteria, manages dependencies, requests Arch/UX reviews, hands off Tasks to Coder.
-   **`MIDAS Architect`:** Responds to review requests (via comments), creates/maintains ADRs and TDDs (in repo docs), provides design overviews, ensures technical feasibility.
-   **`MIDAS Coder`:** Implements Tasks/Bugs (via PRs), writes unit tests, requests Arch/UX reviews, potentially writes How-To guides, hands off to Tester.
-   **`MIDAS Tester`:** Executes tests against PRs/branches, reports Bugs (GitHub Issues), verifies fixes, updates status, requests DevOps support (e.g., environment URLs).
-   **`MIDAS Security Specialist`:** Performs security scans/reviews upon request, reports Vulnerabilities (GitHub Issues).
-   **`MIDAS DevOps Engineer`:** Manages CI/CD, infrastructure (IaC), deployments, provides environment details upon request, updates deployment status.
-   **`MIDAS UI/UX Designer`:** Responds to design/review requests, provides UI specifications/mockup links (via comments), ensures usability and consistency.


## Contributing

TODO

## License

TODO

Commit message:

provided better installation script, updated requirements on mcps

README.md, after:


# MIDAS 🚀 Memory-Integrated Development and Architecture System

**_An agentic AI framework for structured software development within RooCode, leveraging specialized agents and deep GitHub integration._**

---

## Table of Contents

-   [Introduction](#introduction)
-   [Core Concepts & Features](#core-concepts--features)
-   [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
-   [Installation](#installation)
    -   [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    -   [One-Liner Install Script](#one-liner-install-script)
    -   [Manual Setup Steps (Required)](#manual-setup-steps-required)
-   [Usage](#usage)
    -   [Initiating a Workflow](#initiating-a-workflow)
    -   [Monitoring Progress](#monitoring-progress)
    -   [Agent Interaction](#agent-interaction)
-   [Configuration](#configuration)
-   [MIDAS Agent Roles](#midas-agent-roles)
-   [Code-Based Components (Conceptual)](#code-based-components-conceptual)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [License](#license)

---

## Introduction

Project MIDAS is an advanced agentic AI framework designed to automate and orchestrate complex software development workflows directly within the **RooCode** development environment. It addresses the challenges of managing medium-to-large projects by employing a team of specialized AI agents that collaborate to handle tasks ranging from high-level planning and architecture to coding, testing, security analysis, and deployment preparation.

MIDAS leverages deep integration with **GitHub Issues** and **GitHub Projects v2** for hierarchical task management and utilizes **Markdown files within the repository** for documentation (ADRs, technical designs, etc.). Communication and workflow progression are managed internally through agent interactions facilitated by the GitHub API (via MCP) and RooCode's task execution capabilities.

**Key Goals:**

-   **Structured Automation:** Bring predictable, structured automation to the software development lifecycle.
-   **GitHub Native:** Treat GitHub as the central hub for task management and documentation.
-   **Agent Collaboration:** Enable effective collaboration between specialized AI agents.
-   **Robustness & Cost-Efficiency:** Implement mechanisms (initially via agent instructions, ideally evolving to code components) to improve reliability and manage LLM token usage.
-   **RooCode Synergy:** Operate seamlessly within the RooCode environment.

## Core Concepts & Features

-   **Specialized Agent Roles:** Distinct agents (Planner, PO, Architect, Coder, Tester, etc.) handle specific tasks, allowing for tailored instructions and potentially higher quality outputs.
-   **GitHub-Centric Workflow:** Uses GitHub Issues (mapped to Features, Epics, Stories, Tasks, Bugs, Vulnerabilities) and aims for Projects v2 integration for hierarchy. Documentation resides within the Git repository.
-   **Internal Orchestration:** A dedicated `MIDAS Orchestrator Agent` monitors GitHub state via the GitHub MCP server and dispatches tasks to other agents using RooCode's `new_task`. Workflow progression relies on agents updating GitHub issue labels.
-   **Asynchronous Communication:** Agents use GitHub Issue comments (`@mentioning` roles) for requests and responses within a workflow phase (e.g., code reviews, clarifications).
-   **MCP for Tooling:** Relies on external MCP servers (configured in RooCode) for standardized access to Filesystem, Git, and GitHub APIs.
-   **RooCode Integration:** Natively runs within RooCode, leveraging its UI, LLM access, file/terminal operations, and MCP client.
-   **Configurable & Extensible:** Designed to be adaptable through configuration files and potentially custom agent definitions.
-   **Template-Driven Consistency:** Uses templates (`.roo/templates/`) for creating GitHub issues and documentation, ensuring standardization.

## Architecture Overview

MIDAS operates as a system of agents and rules within the RooCode environment. It does *not* require a separate external monitoring service; orchestration is managed internally.

```mermaid

graph TD
    subgraph RooCode Environment
        User --> RooCodeInterface[RooCode UI/Commands]
        RooCodeInterface --> MIDASCore[MIDAS Agents via new_task]

        subgraph "MIDAS Core Logic (Agents & Rules)"
            direction LR
            OrchestratorAgent[MIDAS Orchestrator Agent] -.-> AgentPool
            OrchestratorAgent -- Polls --> RooCodeMCP[RooCode MCP Client]
            OrchestratorAgent -- Triggers --> MIDASCore

            AgentPool -- Contains --> PlannerAgent[Planner]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> POAgent[Product Owner]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> ArchitectAgent[Architect]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> CoderAgent[Coder]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> TesterAgent[Tester]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> DevOpsAgent[DevOps]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> SecurityAgent[Security]
            AgentPool -- Contains --> UIAgent[UI/UX]

            PlannerAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            POAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            CoderAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            CoderAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeFS[RooCode File System Access]
            CoderAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal[RooCode Terminal Access]
            ArchitectAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            ArchitectAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeFS
            TesterAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            TesterAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal
            DevOpsAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            DevOpsAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal
            SecurityAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP
            SecurityAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeTerminal
            UIAgent -- Uses --> RooCodeMCP

            %% Code-based component interaction (Conceptual)
            CoderAgent -.-> ContextOptimizerSVC[ContextOptimizer Service]
            ArchitectAgent -.-> RobustnessCheckerSVC[RobustnessChecker Service]

        end

        MIDASCore --> ModelInteraction[LLM Interaction via RooCode]
        MIDASCore --> RooCodeFS
        MIDASCore --> RooCodeTerminal
        MIDASCore --> RooCodeMCP

        RooCodeMCP --> MCPServers["External MCP Servers (Filesystem, Git, github)"]
    end

    ModelInteraction --> ExternalLLMs[LLMs]

    %% style MIDAS Core Logic (Agents & Rules) fill:#fdf,stroke:#f8f,stroke-width:1px
    style RooCodeEnvironment fill:#ccf,stroke:#66f,stroke-width:2px
```

-   **User Interaction:** Managed via RooCode's UI/Commands.
-   **Orchestration:** The `MIDAS Orchestrator Agent` periodically checks GitHub (via MCP) for issues whose labels indicate they are ready for the next step. It then uses RooCode's `new_task` to activate the appropriate agent.
-   **Agent Execution:** Specialized agents perform their tasks, using RooCode's capabilities to interact with LLMs, the filesystem, the terminal, and external tools via configured MCP servers.
-   **State Transitions:** Agents update GitHub issue labels via the GitHub MCP upon starting and completing tasks, signaling the Orchestrator Agent about workflow progression.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

-   **RooCode:** The MIDAS framework runs *inside* RooCode. Ensure RooCode is installed and operational.
-   **Command-Line Tools:**
    -   Essential: `git`, `curl`, `unzip`
    -   Optional (for faster downloads): `svn`
-   **External Tooling (Potentially Required):** Depending on agent tasks, ensure tools like `node`, `python`, `docker`, `terraform`, `mmdc` (Mermaid CLI), specific linters, test runners, or security scanners are available in the environment where RooCode executes commands. Check agent definitions (`.roo/agents/*.agent.md`) for hints.
-   **MCP Servers:** Ensure you have access to external MCP servers for Filesystem, Git,  GitHub and Atlassian MCPs. These can be local or remote servers that provide the necessary APIs for RooCode to interact with.
    -   **GitHub:** https://github.com/github/github-mcp-server
    -   **Atlassian:** https://github.com/sooperset/mcp-atlassian

### One-Liner Install Script

Run this command from the **root directory** of your target project:

```bash
curl -s https://gist.githubusercontent.com/K1ntus/352160f40caf20f3a83366312d4d4849/raw/119efe1e1e1b7bee2d4dbe74e9f24dda0c4b2ba0/midas-install.sh -o midas-install.sh && sh midas-install.sh
```

If you prefer, you can retrieve the midas-install.sh script and run it manually:

```bash
sh midas-install.sh
```


### Manual Setup Steps (Required)

The script automates file downloads, but you **must** perform these steps manually:

1.  **Setup External MCP Servers:**
    *   MIDAS relies on external MCP servers for **Filesystem**, **Git**, and **GitHub** access.
    *   Obtain or build these servers (e.g., from reference implementations like those provided by Anthropic or the community).
    *   Run these servers locally (often via Docker).
    *   **Crucially for GitHub:** Generate a GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) with sufficient permissions (`repo`, `project`, `read:org`) and configure the GitHub MCP server to use it securely.
2.  **Configure RooCode:**
    *   In your RooCode configuration, add connections to the running MCP servers you set up in the previous step. Ensure the host/port details are correct.
3.  **Install Agent CLI Dependencies:**
    *   Review the `.roo/agents/*.agent.md` files. If agents use `execute_command` for specific tools (build tools, test runners, IaC tools, diagramming tools like `mmdc`, security scanners), ensure these tools are installed and accessible within the RooCode execution environment.
4.  **(Optional) RooCode Common Rules Processing:**
    *   The framework includes `.roo/agents/_common_rules.md`. For this to work effectively, your RooCode environment needs to support prepending this common file's content to individual agent definitions before processing them. Check your RooCode version/features or request this capability if needed.

## Usage

### Initiating a Workflow

Typically, you initiate a MIDAS workflow via a RooCode command, often targeting the `MIDAS Strategic Planner` agent with an initial specification or goal.

```
# Example (Conceptual RooCode Command)
/roo midas/strategic_planner/initiate_planning spec="Build a user login system with email/password and Google OAuth." repo="your-org/your-repo" docs_path="docs/project-alpha"
```

### Monitoring Progress

-   **GitHub Issues:** The primary way to track progress is by monitoring the status labels and comments on the GitHub Issues created and managed by MIDAS agents.
-   **RooCode UI:** RooCode should display the logs and outputs of the currently running agent task.
-   **Documentation:** Check the documentation files created/updated within the repository (e.g., in the `docs/` path you configured).

### Agent Interaction

-   **Handoffs:** Workflow progression between major roles (Planner -> PO -> Coder -> Tester -> DevOps) happens automatically based on agents updating `status:*` labels on GitHub Issues. The `MIDAS Orchestrator Agent` detects these changes (via polling the GitHub MCP) and triggers the next agent via `new_task`.
-   **Asynchronous Requests:** For non-handoff communication (e.g., requesting a review, asking for clarification), agents will post comments on the relevant GitHub Issue, typically `@mentioning` the target agent role (e.g., `@midas-architect Please review...`). The requesting agent might pause or the responding agent will pick up the request when it next processes that issue.

## Configuration

MIDAS behavior can be tailored via configuration (likely managed through RooCode settings or dedicated project configuration files, e.g., `.roo/midas_config.yaml` - *exact mechanism depends on RooCode*):

-   **LLM Providers & Models:** API keys, endpoints, default models, model selection per agent role.
-   **Prompts:** Paths to custom templates or overrides for system prompts.
-   **GitHub Details:** Target repository owner/name, project number/ID, standard label names, custom field mappings.
-   **MCP Server Connections:** URLs/ports for configured MCP servers.
-   **Documentation Strategy:** Default `docs_strategy` (e.g., 'Hugo', 'Markdown') and `docs_path`.
-   **Robustness Parameters:** (If implemented as configurable) Retry counts, timeouts, loop detection thresholds.

## MIDAS Agent Roles

-   **`MIDAS Orchestrator Agent`:** Monitors GitHub (via MCP) for ready tasks and dispatches them to other agents. *Runs internally.*
-   **`MIDAS Strategic Planner`:** Analyzes specifications, defines Epics (GitHub Issues), initiates documentation structure, requests high-level Arch review, hands off to PO.
-   **`MIDAS Product Owner`:** Decomposes Epics into Stories/Tasks (GitHub Issues), defines acceptance criteria, manages dependencies, requests Arch/UX reviews, hands off Tasks to Coder.
-   **`MIDAS Architect`:** Responds to review requests (via comments), creates/maintains ADRs and TDDs (in repo docs), provides design overviews, ensures technical feasibility.
-   **`MIDAS Coder`:** Implements Tasks/Bugs (via PRs), writes unit tests, requests Arch/UX reviews, potentially writes How-To guides, hands off to Tester.
-   **`MIDAS Tester`:** Executes tests against PRs/branches, reports Bugs (GitHub Issues), verifies fixes, updates status, requests DevOps support (e.g., environment URLs).
-   **`MIDAS Security Specialist`:** Performs security scans/reviews upon request, reports Vulnerabilities (GitHub Issues).
-   **`MIDAS DevOps Engineer`:** Manages CI/CD, infrastructure (IaC), deployments, provides environment details upon request, updates deployment status.
-   **`MIDAS UI/UX Designer`:** Responds to design/review requests, provides UI specifications/mockup links (via comments), ensures usability and consistency.


## Contributing

TODO

## License

TODO
